-Hi, I'm Daniel Bossier and what I enjoy most about software development is the opportunity to immerse myself in an ever-evolving and innovative industry where I am constantly adding new technical skills to my toolbelt.

-I recently graduated from Actualize with a Certificate in Full Stack Development where I strengthened my skills as a programmer and built up my ability to self teach. Essential to the competition of my capstone project success was implementing a scraping tool, implemented with independently acquired knowledge.

-Prior to attending a coding bootcamp, I spent four years in the beverage industry, rising quickly from an entry level position to becoming a supervisor and bartender. My desire to challenge myself and my ability to pick up information quickly allowed me to take on a number of essential responsibilities in multiple departments. I was selected to clean and maintain all of the draft lines at two different brewpubs and transitioned to work in the warehouse as a beer delivery driver when Covid-19 shut down front of house operations.

-Prior to working in the beverage industry I worked for the County of Sonoma. As an Eligibility Worker I was nominated for and selected to join multiple specialized task groups in order to clear difficult assignments from the department’s backlog. My selection to these task groups was based on my ability to efficiently and precisely manage sensitive data across multiple systems.

-As an AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Corps Member I completed assignments for seven different non-profit or government agencies over the course of eleven months. These projects included administering controlled burns on prairie lands in Iowa, working at an adults with disabilities day center in South Dakota, and assisting on an organic farm for a Native American reservation in Wisconsin. All projects were completed as part of an assigned team of ten, necessitating an ability to collaborate, communicate, and follow through in order to maximize efficiency and accomplishments.

-With a diverse background in multiple industries I have demonstrated that I am a dependable, flexible, hard-worker who picks up new skills quickly. I pride myself on my ability to work efficiently and effectively in group environments and look forward to bringing my diverse skillset to the programming industry.
